#
### CNU Blog
#
<iframe width="960" height="741.5999999999999" data-original-width="2000" data-original-height="1545" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1499038620722397187" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>
#

My Christopher Newport University Project reflects my time as a student of CNU and as a resident of Newport News. I am a Senior now, so this will all be shown through my 4 years here at CNU and in the many different places that this school has taken me. My story begins where many CNU students’ would, at Santoro Hall. This was my freshman year dorm and reflects a very formative time for me here at CNU. This is the location where I spent my first night in college and being away from my family for the first time. At first it was very overwhelming, but that sudden change helped develop me into the person I am today. Santoro really helped me build friendships and find individuality that I needed in order to step into the real world. I will alway consider Santoro a home and that is why it marks the first ‘home’ icon on my interactive map. 

The next icon is centered above Joseph W. Luter Hall, home to my major classes of the Communications Department on the Christopher Newport campus. This is where I had my first college course my freshman year and where I met many of my professors that have taught and inspired me throughout my years on campus. My next ‘home’ icon, not too far from the first one, represents my time at James River Hall my sophomore year. This was a rooming situation where I was able to pick who I lived with and I lived with some of my closest friends at CNU. James River and my sophomore year reflects more into the bonding experiences I have had with my friends on campus. This made being on campus feel even more like home because at the end of the day I would always come back to my room and have a family of friends to live with. This leads to my next icon, the James River Basketball courts where me and my roommates would play basketball everyday where we would play with each other and meet new people all the time. The JR courts really show the sense of community that is present around campus. 

This concept of community on campus is very much shown in my next icon over the football field. This icon does not refer to the CNU football team and games themselves, but the tailgates each Saturday before the game. Tailgating, an essential part of college athletics, really brings the school together, and for me represents the spirit and enthusiasm of the school that I really enjoy. The next icon on my campus map shows Rappahannock Hall, the third ‘home’ icon and my home of my junior year. The next icon, shown in the shape of a book, is an important location for my academics, the Trible Library. As I am sure most students can attest, the Trible Library is an important resource for students to study and research. I cannot fathom the hours and days spent in this building to get work done and hit those 11:59 deadlines. I want to say that I have spent time in every study room in the entire building (though I am not sure) at least once and have used the media center countless times for their technology resources.

The final ‘home’ icon is my Senior year home, located directly behind Mcmurran. This house is a great first home off campus (barely) for me to integrate into the real world. It is conveniently located right outside campus so walking or biking to class is never an issue. The next icon, shaped like a star, is my favorite local eatery in Newport News, Subway Station. Though I shamefully never ordered from here until my senior year, it quickly became my favorite place to grab a bite to eat. The iconic orange and yellow sub-place is located directly across Warwick from the Ferguson Center and houses an amazing secret sauce that I recommend to all. Lastly, and shown by a music icon, is the location of one of my friend’s houses, who I actually met in Santoro my freshman year. This is significant in that it is where he and I collaborate on our music. My friend taught me how to play guitar freshman year in Santoro and all these years later we are still playing with each other. This is very indicative of my time at CNU and progression of myself, but through the inspiration and learning of others. 
